[ZT] Tunnel private networks (#11135)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/private-net/warp-to-warp.md

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Peer-to-peer connectivity
weight: 5
meta:
  title: Create private networks with WARP-to-WARP
---

# Create private networks with WARP-to-WARP
With Cloudflare Zero Trust, you can create a private network between any two or more devices running Cloudflare WARP. This means that you can have a private network between your phone and laptop without ever needing to be connected to the same physical network. If you already have an existing Zero Trust deployment, you can also enable this feature to add device-to-device connectivity to your private network with the press of a button. This will allow you to connect to any service that relies on TCP, UDP, or ICMP-based protocols through Cloudflare’s network.

> Users in your organization can reach these services by enrolling into your organization's Zero Trust account. Once enrolled, each device is assigned a virtual IP address in the `100.64/10` range which will allow users or systems to address these devices directly. Administrators will then be able to build Zero Trust policies to determine who within your organization can reach those virtual IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users in your organization can reach these services by enrolling into your organization's Zero Trust account. Once enrolled, each device is assigned a virtual IP address in the `100.96.0.0/12` range which will allow users or systems to address these devices directly. Administrators will then be able to build Zero Trust policies to determine who within your organization can reach those virtual IPs.
```
@sudarshan-reddy @joliveirinha this range is 100.96/12 right? That's what we have in tunnelstore for default WARP subnet ranges.

Author: Did we confirm if the range is actually `100.96.0.0/12`? If so we will also need to update the IPs in the "Enable WARP-to-WARP" and "Connect via WARP" sections.
